Hi there backpackers, another cheap and fast airport shuttle. Take LRT train from nearest station and airport shuttle at Putra Heights with cost RM10 only. Spacious and comfortable waiting area. Friendly and reliable staff. Less traffic and you'll reach airport within 40minutes. However at this moment it does not operate 24 hours. Please help to spread out so that they would be able to extend the shuttle hour as well as continue this convenient service.

Good way to beat the horrible traffic jams. LRT with limited capacity, about 3 carriages. Cheap compared to the ruthless taxi whom demand very high premium fare for short distances.

Kuala Lumpur has well developed LRT, MRT, monorail, KLIA Transit/Ekspres transits.
It is easy and fast to travel around the city in them.

To add to the convenience, one can purchase a Touch n Go card at a Rapid KL counter along the main LRT / MRT stations (I got mine at KL Sentral Monorail station 2nd level near Nu Sentral mall).

And in the 2nd floor Nu Sentral mall next/connected to KL Sentral, there is also an official shop for the Touch n Go cards.

When i bought the cards it is RM 15 each with a stored value of RM 10, and one can optionally top up more at the stations/counters/machines. With the cards, one literally travel through the gates in a jiff, tapping the cards at the reader ;)

Hope this helps those looking for the Touch n Go cards.

This bus is great… when it shows up but don’t rely on it if you’re in a hurry.
Waited closed to 1.5 hours for it a few nights ago. Guess we could of taken the train but we ended up waking the distance.
We used it the entire time in KL, and except for this incident; everything else was fine. The buses often drive past you while you’re waiting also, no idea why. That happened to us a few times; and they didn’t look full.

Ignore rude drivers like one we unfortunately had for a few trips, he was the ONLY rude person we encountered via public transport for the 3 days we were there. Needs a lesson in customer service as when I asked him questions about bus and route he point blank ignored me and dismissed me. Other local passengers intervened and answered my questions. They also told me a lot of the bus drivers are very rude and give KL a bad name

I have to wait an hour just for a bus stop.the driver didn’t even waited for one minute for other people,Going to Mitsui doesn’t even take 30 minutes. I’m very disappointed, like what was the bus driver doing in such a long period

The service is great, but it can be confusing as to where to get the bus when arriving at airport. The service is not listed on the bus notice boards like the private companies. But I found the rapid KL bus waiting at B03 bus stop at KLIA2

cheap fare.. only RM10.. ride from any LRT Stations & stop at Putra Height Station to KLIA2.. can take RapidKL E1 bus from KLIA2 as well.. worth it!

Recently, my family have tried using the Rapid KL shuttle bus service to KLIA. They took the bus from Putra Heights bus hub. The bus was punctual and they arrived KLIA on time and the bus captain gave a memorable ride to everyone without fail regardless of race,religion or language by greeting them "Selamat Pagi" when board the bus and "Terima kasih" during alight from the bus. Syabas Rapid KL ! Keep up the good service.

It is a good service, just to make note on the timing estimate below:

From KLIA tu Putra Heights LRT station around 45 min.

The train travel from LRT Putra Heights to KL city center will be around one hour.

Hope this helps 😉

you can purchase the rail & bus combo ticket from any rail stations. You will receive a token and receipt. Make sure you keep the receipt. Use the token to travel to Putra Heights station. Walk to the bus hub at lower level of the station to board the bus to the airport. You need to show your receipt as proof before you board the bus. If you're from the airport you can purchase the combo ticket on board the bus.